1. What would happen if you used notify() instead of notifyAll()? Why might this cause problems?   
        notify() wakes up only one waiting thread, while notifyAll() wakes all waiting threads. 
        Using notify() may cause problems if the wrong thread wakes up. When a thread is woken, if it fails, it goes back to waiting. 
        So if we wake up the wrong thread, we would be stuck waiting again, and possibly cause a deadlock.    

2. Why must wait() be called inside a while loop rather than an if statement? What problem does this solve?   
      	wait() must be called inside a while loop because "when a thread wakes up from a wait(), it must re-check the condition." 
        If statements only check the condition once, using a while loop ensures repeated checks, and prevents subtle errors in threads proceeding when they should not.   

3. What would happen if the produce() method wasn't synchronized? Could two producers add items at the same time?   
      	If the produce() method wasn't synchronized, two or more producers could make alterations at the same time. 
        This would cause a race condition and result in inconsistent data because multiple threads are accessing and modifying the shared buffer simultaneously.    

4. What happens if you forget to call notifyAll() in the produce() method? How would this affect the consumer thread?   
      	Forgetting to call notifyAll() in the produce() method may result in the waiting consumer never being notified and woken. 
        The consumer would stay waiting where it should be running, making the program appear frozen or half-completed.   

5. Why does wait() release the lock? What would happen if it didn't?   
        Wait() releases the lock so other threads can 'compete' to enter the synchronized method and make their alterations. 
        If wait() did not release the lock, this would cause a deadlock: no thread could enter or modify the synchronized method, and every thread would be blocked from advancing.    
